He still has a tail in Jinghai that has not been cleaned.
I presume his flaw
It must be on Liu Xishan and Zhang Yuntao
Some things can't be cleaned up after death
They'll leave correspondence. Yes.
And it is the highest level physical letter
IF
Zhang Yuntao and Liu Xishan did not offer sacrifices to the tomb of the Queen of Yue
Then that would be the fatal Achilles' heel of Ouyang Tomb
Oh, yes, this is it.
This one.
It was me from the insurance case of Liu Xishan's family
Found it, you see
There is Ouyang Mo's Essential Qi seal on it
Sister, it seems that you have caught him
Ouyang Mu asked Liu Xishan to make plans in advance
Once Cao Lin succeeds
He asked Liu Xishan to kill Cao Lin
Then put all the results
Let Ouyang Wood take it for himself
This and that other letter
Be sure to involve other parts of the conspiracy
Right
Sister, we have to send these letters out of Jinghai
Delivered to the king of the imperial city
Only the king intervenes
Ouyang Tomb can't act rashly
Or you can report him directly
You play against the national teacher famous brand
After all, he has already found out that you were blown up
The time is not yet ripe
Time is still in your name
I continue to maintain my status as a bodyguard
Then I'll rush to the dungeon now
Brother, you must survive until then
Senior sister
Ouyang Tomb will definitely be under the Heavenly Network of Jinhai
Focus on killing us
So you are not the best candidate for the surname Song
Then I won't go
It can't be you. Go ahead.
If you go
He must have come to kill Gao Xiaoyun immediately.
The Best Reality
Isn't it right in front of you?
Oh.
You mean that woman is heartbroken?